OK so let's go ahead and go move on with the demo.
So first of all because this is a lot of the things here have been built for the convenience of the
demo type in bills here and press enter so that this would so the demo would work the way that it is
intended to work.
You don't type bills both new transaction both same array a new array will actually work the same way.
And then we'll just go ahead and click on the button with the summary text a few times and you will
see that there are no updates here.
Description value and date no new transactions are there even though that the Jason printout down below
which you use for debugging here will actually state that something new has indeed been created or the
new transactions are indeed being added.
And if I click on new transaction lock the hard code a transaction is added multiple times over and
over.
Even though it was added before now it is simply displayed.
Why does this happen.
Well at the moment we have the pipe set to true.
Basically this is a pure pipe and we've stated that by typing in pure colon and true and pure pipes
can only detect pure changes.
Now what does this mean.
Well pure changes are are all the changes that happen on primitive types.
For example if you change some sort of a number or a string or a boolean except for or a change of a
reference to an object or an array.
But we haven't really changed any primitive types here and we certainly haven't changed the reference
to the array to the newly created race.
We've only added more information to the old array.
Now we are interested in the change of the reference.
So which is used for arrays and objects.
That means that no changes will be detected.
If we add new elements as we have done so here.
So as you can see it's being added in Jason but it's not being added It's not being displayed here so
it's not actually being detected even though the change is taking place.
This basically means
changes will only be detected if we actually change the reference to an array or an object.
But this has not occurred.
We have only updated the old array and the reference to the array has remained the same.
This basically means that the current array has been if a reference or a reference change occurs that
would mean that the current array has been replaced with a new array.
And then the reference to it has changed as well.
Hence we have the words.
Hence we have the copy.
Hence we have the method for the copying of the arrays and updating them.
So why are why why would you have such a terrible limitation here.
Well it improves performance by a very good margin and you can check out the console log file just scroll
it means that the pipe transform has been called and the three times even though I have added so many
transactions here.
But I'm just going to go ahead and refresh the site
and ok by transform has been called once.
Now I am going to go ahead and change this to false and hence create an impure pipe
fulls just to control us to save
and just give it time for the site to load.
And before I type in bills here look at this.
It was only once before.
Now a simple reload of the site causes the pipe transform to be called for tightness which is a great
deal.
Maybe you can see the degree of performance on that small site like this but on bigger projects this
rose by orders of magnitude.
And that's a pretty big problem.
So just type in bills one more time here and you can see it immediately jumps to eight so every page
refresh or whatsoever.
Pretty much.
In our case causes this number to increase by 4 which is pretty bad in terms of performance as opposed
to the one before as opposed to the pure pipe where this only happened once.
On the other hand these impure pipes can detect pretty much any changes within the component which is
an extremely common occurrence and it degrades this performance by a very large margin.
So if I just click on new transaction it just grows by two screws by two so both act in the same way.
So this is being added nonstop but pipe transform calls are increasing in size by a ridiculous amount.
So a very large amount of increases here.
So the method is being called over and over and over and over and over again which degrades the performance
significantly.
However it does the tect any sort of a change within the component and that is very useful and practical
for from the user perspective.
But now you might ask yourselves which which pipes to use.
In general it's very situational.
It's situation dependent.
Sometimes you should use.
You should use the pure pipes as much as you can to improve the performance.
But when you use impure pipes you have to be really careful especially with loading of arrays and all
that because a click is an event error or a key press is an event etc..
And these key presses can increase the amount of method calls you have on the site and that can lead
to some serious problems you just have to be really careful with impure pipes while on the other hand
your pipes are fairly safe to use and fast perform much much better performance although they don't
have as much capabilities as the impure pipes do.
Ok going to bid you farewell here and we shall see each other in the next tutorial.